http://29a.ch/feed.atom programming
http://acidwords.com/emacs.xml
http://acko.net/blog/feed programming maths
http://adrianboeing.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://adriansampson.net/blog.xml programming
http://akrzemi1.wordpress.com/feed/ programming c++
http://alexott.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default/-/emacs
http://algorithmist.wordpress.com/feed/ maths
http://allenchou.net/feed/ programming
http://altdevblogaday.org/feed/ programming
http://amir.rachum.com/feed.xml programming
http://amitp.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://and-what-happened.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default maths
http://andrea.corbellini.name/feed.atom programming
http://andrewfsu.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming opencl
http://andrewjamesjohnson.com/category/emacs/feed
http://anki3d.org/feed/ programming graphics
http://antirez.com/rss ~antirez programming redis
http://aras-p.info/atom.xml programming favourite
http://arjanvandergaag.nl/feed.xml
http://arne-mertz.de/feed/ "~Simplify C++" programming c++
http://attractivechaos.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://b.atch.se/rss.xml programming c++
http://babbagefiles.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default/-/emacs
http://badassjs.com/rss web
http://bair.berkeley.edu/blog/feed.xml machinelearning
http://barradeau.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
http://bartoszmilewski.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://bartwronski.com/feed/ programming
http://bastibe.de/rss.xml
http://batsov.com/atom.xml
http://baus.net/atom.xml
http://beautifulpixels.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphcis
http://belkadan.com/blog/atom programming
http://benfrain.com/feed/ web
http://beust.com/weblog/feed/ programming javascript
http://birdgames.nl/feed/ programming
http://bitcharmer.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://bitfunnel.org/index.xml programming
http://bitshifter.github.io/atom.xml programming graphics
http://bitsquid.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://bling.github.io/index.xml
http://blog.8thlight.com/feed/atom.xml programming
http://blog.alexmaccaw.com/feed
http://blog.anupamsg.me/tag/emacs/feed/atom
http://blog.bengarney.com/feed/ programming
http://blog.blockos.org/?feed=rss2 programming
http://blog.chromium.org/feeds/posts/default web
http://blog.cleancoder.com/atom.xml programming
http://blog.cmpxchg8b.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://blog.demofox.org/feed/ programming
http://blog.digital-horror.com/rss/ programming graphics
http://blog.duangle.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://blog.dustinkirkland.com/feeds/posts/default misc
http://blog.feabhas.com/feed/rss2/ programming
http://blog.fishingcactus.com/index.php/feed/
http://blog.golang.org/feeds/posts/default programming
http://blog.habets.pp.se/rss
http://blog.haml.info/rss web
http://blog.httrack.com/atom.xml programming
http://blog.hvidtfeldts.net/index.php/feed/ programming maths fractals
http://blog.icare3d.org/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://blog.irayrender.com/rss programming graphics
http://blog.joa-ebert.com/feed/ programming
http://blog.jorgenschaefer.de/feeds/posts/default
http://blog.josephwilk.net/atom.xml
http://blog.kenperlin.com/?feed=rss2 maths
http://blog.linuxmint.com/?feed=rss2 linux
http://blog.martinfjordvald.com/feed/ nginx
http://blog.mmacklin.com/feed/ programming graphics fluids
http://blog.nicolargo.com/feed linux
http://blog.nobel-joergensen.com/feed/ programming graphics opengl
http://blog.ometer.com/feed/ programming
http://blog.patrickmeenan.com/feeds/posts/default web
http://blog.plover.com/index.rss
http://blog.printf.net/feed/
http://blog.regehr.org/feed programming
http://blog.reverberate.org/feeds/posts/default programming
http://blog.runevision.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://blog.sanctum.geek.nz/feed/ linux tmux
http://blog.selfshadow.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://blog.sigfpe.com/feeds/posts/default
http://blog.stackoverflow.com/feed/ "Blog"
http://blog.tartanllama.xyz/feed.xml programming c++
http://blog.tojicode.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://blog.vjeux.com/feed web
http://blog.waymondo.com/atom.xml
http://blog.yitang.uk/atom.xml
http://bookofhook.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://bordeen.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://boredzo.org/blog/feed/atom maths
http://bouliiii.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics raytracing
http://briansharpe.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://brnz.org/hbr/?feed=rss2 programming
http://bryan-murdock.blogspot.com/atom.xml
http://buildnewgames.com/atom.xml programming
http://c0de517e.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://casual-effects.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://cbloomrants.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://cestlaz.github.io/rss.xml
http://ceving.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://chadaustin.me/feed/ programming
http://charlesleifer.com/blog/rss/ programming
http://chrisdone.com/rss.xml
http://chrismccombs.net/feed
http://christianheilmann.com/feed/ web
http://code-spot.co.za/feed/
http://code.danyork.com/feed/ programming
http://codeascraft.etsy.com/feed/ programming
http://codeblog.jonskeet.uk/feed/ programming
http://codeofthedamned.com/index.php?tempskin=_atom programming
http://coderview.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://codesuppository.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://codingadventures.me/feed/ programming
http://coldattic.info/shvedsky/pro/blogs/a-foo-walks-into-a-bar/posts/rss programming
http://coreyms.com/feed/ "Code"
http://cottonvibes.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://cppcast.libsyn.com/rss programming
http://cpptruths.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming c++
http://crashcoder.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://croustination.com/feed/ misc
http://d0cs4vage.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://dale.io/feed.xml
http://danluu.com/atom.xml programming
http://daugaard.org/feed/ programming
http://denverdroid.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default/-/emacs
http://dev.weechat.org/feed/atom misc
http://dhruvbird.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://diaryofagraphicsprogrammer.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://digestingduck.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://donw.io/post/index.xml programming graphics
http://dorophone.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default/-/emacs
http://dougmccune.com/blog/feed/ misc
http://dougrogers.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://dtrace.org/blogs/bmc/feed/ programming
http://dtrace.org/blogs/brendan/feed/ dtrace
http://duartes.org/gustavo/blog/feed programming
http://eev.ee/feeds/atom.xml programming
http://eli.thegreenplace.net/feed/ programming
http://emacs-fu.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default/-/new
http://emacsair.me.s3-website.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/feed.xml
http://emacshorrors.com/feed.atom
http://emacslife.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://emacsninja.com/emacs.atom
http://emacsnyc.org/atom.xml
http://emacspeak.blogspot.com/atom.xml
http://emacsredux.com/atom.xml
http://emacsrocks.com/atom.xml
http://emacstidbits.blogspot.com/atom.xml
http://emacsworld.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://endlessparentheses.com/atom.xml
http://ericasadun.com/feed/ programming
http://ericlippert.com/feed/ programming
http://ericniebler.com/feed/ programming c++
http://ewontfix.com/feed.rss programming
http://fabiensanglard.net/rss.xml programming
http://fahrenheit2539.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://fastcompression.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming compression favourite
http://feeds.exploringbinary.com/exploringbinary programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/24ways web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/50plyBlog programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ChrisGranger programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/CppSoup programming c++
http://feeds.feedburner.com/CssTricks web css
http://feeds.feedburner.com/GiantRobotsSmashingIntoOtherGiantRobots programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/GotEmacs
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ItsFoss "FOSS"
http://feeds.feedburner.com/JohnResig web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/JoniSalonen programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/KarlSeguinsBlog programming redis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Kholdcode programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/KrisJenkinsBlog?format=xml
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Lighthouse3d programming graphics opengl
http://feeds.feedburner.com/MessWithYourJunk programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Pyimagesearch machinelearning
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ScottHanselman misc
http://feeds.feedburner.com/SimpleA11Y web accessibility
http://feeds.feedburner.com/SolarianProgrammer programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/WisdomAndWonder?format=xml
http://feeds.feedburner.com/alexott
http://feeds.feedburner.com/antirez programming redis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/bkcore-thibautdespoulain
http://feeds.feedburner.com/codeincomplete programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/csswizardry web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/emacsblog
http://feeds.feedburner.com/emacslife
http://feeds.feedburner.com/emacsrookiecom
http://feeds.feedburner.com/g-truc programming graphics opengl
http://feeds.feedburner.com/holman programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/html5rocks web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/jeffkreeftmeijer programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/matthen maths
http://feeds.feedburner.com/opensoul programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/paul-irish web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/pimpmyemacs
http://feeds.feedburner.com/remysharp web javascript
http://feeds.feedburner.com/somerandomdude web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/spf13 web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ted-roden-emacs
http://feeds.feedburner.com/thesassway web css sass
http://feeds.feedburner.com/tuxicity-emacs
http://feeds.feedburner.com/warpspire
http://feeds.justinhileman.info/justinhileman/blog web
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/Command-line-fu cli
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/EverydayFlash programming
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/awf-allposts web
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/emacsblog
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/stevelosh
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/tympanus web
http://fgiesen.wordpress.com/feed/ programming favourite
http://fhtr.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default web
http://flexmonkey.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://flohofwoe.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://francismurillo.github.io/hacker/feed.xml
http://furbo.org/feed/ programming
http://gafferongames.com/feed/ programming network physics
http://gameangst.com/?feed=rss2 programming
http://gamearchitect.net/feed/ programming
http://gamedevcoder.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://games.greggman.com/game/feed/ programming
http://gamesfromwithin.com/feed programming
http://gfxprose.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default web
http://gilesbowkett.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://ginsweater.com/blog/feed/ programming
http://gloryowlcomix.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default misc
http://gnufool.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default/-/emacs
http://googleappsdeveloper.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://googlecode.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://googletesting.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming test
http://gpuopen.com/feed/ programming
http://gpupro.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://gpuzen.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://graphicrants.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://graphicsrunner.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://gromnitsky.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default/-/emacs
http://gustedt.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://h14s.p5r.org/feed programming
http://ha-ha-ha.tumblr.com/rss misc
http://hacksoflife.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://hakim.se/rss.xml web
http://harmful.cat-v.org/Blog/index.atom misc
http://harryrschwartz.com/atom.xml
http://hbfs.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://herbsutter.wordpress.com/feed/ programming c++
http://hopperapp.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
http://html5doctor.com/feed/ web
http://hubicka.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://hugogiraudel.com/rss/ web
http://humus.name/rss.xml programming graphics
http://i-am-glow.com/?feed=rss2 programming graphcis webbl
http://icospheric.com/blog/feed/ programming
http://iki.fi/sol/rss.xml programming
http://imdoingitwrong.wordpress.com/feed/
http://inessential.com/xml/rss.xml web
http://interplayoflight.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://ithare.com/rssfeed/ programming
http://j00ru.vexillium.org/?feed=rss2 programming
http://jakoblaegdsmand.com/feed.xml web
http://jamesdolan.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://jamesporter.me/feeds/rss.xml
http://jbremer.org/feed/ programming
http://jeremykun.com/feed/ maths
http://jet.ro/feed/ programming
http://jfdube.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://johnwhigham.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://johnwhite3d.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://joostdevblog.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://jquery.com/blog/feed/ web jquery
http://jr0cket.co.uk/atom.xml
http://justinhj.github.io/feed.xml
http://justinsboringpage.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default/-/emacs
http://jvns.ca/atom.xml programming
http://karpathy.github.io/feed.xml machinelearning
http://kazyos.hatenablog.com/feed
http://kbeezie.com/feed/ nginx
http://kennykerr.ca/feed/ programming c++
http://kitchingroup.cheme.cmu.edu/blog/feed/atom
http://kylehalladay.com/atom.xml programming
http://landonf.bikemonkey.org/index.rss programming
http://lars.ingebrigtsen.no/feed
http://lcamtuf.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://leifnode.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://lemire.me/blog/feed/ programming
http://linux-debugger-bits.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://locklessinc.com/feed.rss programming
http://lol.zoy.org/blog?format=rss programming
http://lousodrome.net/blog/light/feed/ programming
http://lowlevelbits.org/atom.xml programming
http://lspiroengine.com/?feed=rss2 programming
http://lucumr.pocoo.org/feed.atom programming
http://machinethink.net/blog/index.xml programming graphics
http://magnuswrenninge.com/feed programming graphics
http://manu343726.github.io/feed.xml programming
http://marc-b-reynolds.github.io/feed.xml programming graphics
http://marcgravell.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://marek.vavrusa.com/feed.xml programming
http://marijnhaverbeke.nl/blog/feed.atom
http://matt.hackinghistory.ca/blog/feed/atom/
http://mechanical-sympathy.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://meetingcpp.com/blogen.xml programming c++
http://merlin3d.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://metaphysicaldeveloper.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://mike.teczno.com/notes/index.xml programming
http://mjwall.com/atom.xml
http://mmikkelsen3d.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://mmmovania.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics opengl
http://mnemonikk.org/feed/
http://moinakg.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://msinilo.pl/blog2/index.xml programming
http://muublog.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://mynameismjp.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://n-e-r-v-o-u-s.com/blog/?feed=rss2
http://n00body.squarespace.com/journal/atom.xml
http://natosha-bard.com/rss programming
http://ndebug.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://nehe.gamedev.net/rss/ programming
http://nfrechette.github.io/atom.xml programming
http://nickbradbury.com/feed/ misc
http://nickdesaulniers.github.io/atom.xml programming
http://nicolasgallagher.com/feed/ web
http://nikhilism.com/index.xml programming
http://nongeekrecipes.wordpress.com/category/emacs-and-friends/feed/
http://notes.underscorediscovery.com/rss/ programming
http://nullprogram.com/feed/ programming
http://nurpax.github.io/rss.xml programming
http://oremacs.com/atom.xml
http://ourmachinery.com/index.xml programming
http://outerra.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://overbyte.com.au/index.php/overbyte-blog/latest?format=feed&type=rss programming
http://pcloadletter.co.uk/feed/ synology
http://pempek.net/feed/
http://petersikachev.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://petersobot.com/atom.xml programming
http://pharr.org/matt/blog/feed.xml programming
http://phoboslab.org/log/feed programming graphics
http://pkisensee.spaces.live.com/feed.rss programming
http://planet.clang.org/atom.xml programming
http://pointersgonewild.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://polycode.tumblr.com/rss programming
http://pozorvlak.livejournal.com/data/atom?tag=emacs
http://pragmaticemacs.com/feed
http://preshing.com/feed programming favourite
http://probablydance.com/feed/ programming
http://procworld.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphis
http://programmingisterrible.com/rss programming
http://psachin.github.io/feed.xml
http://psgraphics.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://psung.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default/-/emacs
http://puntoblogspot.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default/-/emacs
http://randomascii.wordpress.com/feed/ programming favourite
http://rasmusbarr.github.io/feed.xml programming
http://rastergrid.com/blog/feed/ programming
http://rauwendaal.net/feed/ programming
http://ravit.ch/rss.xml
http://raytracey.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://realtimecollisiondetection.net/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
http://rectangleworld.com/blog/feed programming graphics
http://redmeat.lapin.org/fluxrss.xml misc
http://renderingpipeline.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://repi.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://research.swtch.com/feed.atom programming
http://rgba32.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://richg42.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming favourite
http://roar11.com/feed/ programming
http://robert-adesam.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default/-/emacs
http://samrowe.com/wordpress/feed/
http://samsaffron.com/posts.rss programming
http://sandervanrossen.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://schellcode.github.io/feed.xml programming
http://scientificninja.com/feed programming
http://scottfrazersblog.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://scottmeyers.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming c++
http://sebh-blog.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://seblagarde.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://sethgodin.typepad.com/seths_blog/atom.xml misc
http://sheredom.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://simblob.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://simonstechblog.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://slackito.com/feed/ programming
http://solid-angle.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://splash-of-open-sauce.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default/-/planetemacsen
http://spritesmods.com/rss.php misc
http://sree.kotay.com/atom.xml programming
http://steve.vinoski.net/blog/feed/atom/ programming
http://stevehanov.ca/blog/?atom programming favourite
http://sub.blue/feed.rss programming graphics
http://swiftcoder.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://sxemacs-en.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://sylefeb.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://takinginitiative.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://tangentvector.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://taras.glek.net/atom.xml web
http://tatourian.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://tech.memoryimprintstudio.com/feed/
http://technomancy.us/feed/atom
http://tehom-blog.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default/-/emacs
http://the-free-meme.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://the-witness.net/news/?feed=rss2 programming
http://thechangelog.com/rss misc
http://thiagocosta.net/?feed=rss2 programming
http://thomasdiewald.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming graphics
http://thomaskole.nl/feed/ programming graphics
http://tiamat.tsotech.com/tiamat.rss web
http://tinodidriksen.com/feed/ programming
http://tolgaceylan.tumblr.com/rss programming
http://tomdalling.com/blog/feed programming
http://tommyhinks.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://tonsky.me/blog/atom.xml programming
http://torch.ch/blog/feed.xml
http://torjo.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming webgl
http://treyhunner.com/atom.xml programming python
http://tromey.com/elpa/elpa.rss
http://troydm.github.io/atom.xml programming
http://tsengf.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default/-/emacs
http://turbochaos.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://twistedoakstudios.com/blog/?feed=rss programming
http://ultimex.over-blog.com/rss-articles.xml misc
http://unapologetic.wordpress.com/feed/ maths
http://unigine.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://unix.stackexchange.com/feeds/tag?tagnames=emacs&amp;amp;sort=newest
http://unknownworlds.com/futureperfect/feed/ programming
http://upcoder.com/feed programming
http://useyourloaf.com/blog/rss.xml programming
http://ventspace.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://vihart.com/feed misc
http://vimcasts.org/feeds/ogg misc vim
http://voxelium.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://voxels.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://wacki.me/feed.xml programming graphics
http://whattheemacsd.com/atom.xml
http://whatthefuck.computer/rss.xml
http://williambert.online/atom.xml
http://williamdurand.fr/atom.xml misc
http://wongmichael.com/feed/ programming
http://writequit.org/blog/feed/index.html
http://www.adriancourreges.com/atom.xml programming graphics
http://www.aerialmantis.co.uk/feed.xml programming c++
http://www.airtightinteractive.com/feed/ programming
http://www.alexandre-pestana.com/feed/ programming
http://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ linux archlinux
http://www.artfromcode.com/?feed=rss2 programming graphics
http://www.artima.com/spotlight/feeds/spotlight.rss programming
http://www.asawicki.info/news_rss.php5 programming
http://www.backtothepixel.com/rss.xml programming graphics webgl
http://www.bennee.com/~alex/blog/tag/emacs/feed
http://www.bfilipek.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://www.bionicbeagle.com/wp/?feed=rss2 programming
http://www.bit-101.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
http://www.blogbyben.com/feeds/posts/default/-/emacs
http://www.cleverhans.io/feed.xml machinelearning
http://www.clicktorelease.com/rss.xml programming
http://www.codeofhonor.com/blog/feed programming
http://www.codercorner.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
http://www.codersnotes.com/atom/ programming
http://www.corsix.org/rss.xml programming
http://www.dawnofthedata.com/feeds/posts/default
http://www.ddj.com/rss/cpp.xml programming c++
http://www.diusrex.com/feed/ programming
http://www.elbeno.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
http://www.elegantcoding.com/feeds/posts/default maths
http://www.elopezr.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://www.essentialmath.com/blog/?feed=rss2 maths
http://www.evanmiller.org/news.xml programming
http://www.farfarer.com/blog/feed/ programming graphics
http://www.forceflow.be/feed/ programming
http://www.fuzzyyellowballs.com/feed/ misc tennis
http://www.geeks3d.com/?feed=rss2 misc
http://www.gijskaerts.com/wordpress/?feed=rss2 programming graphics
http://www.gingerbill.org/article/index.xml programming
http://www.iryoku.com/feed programming graphics
http://www.joelonsoftware.com/rss.xml
http://www.johanholwerda.nl/blog/feed/ programming graphics
http://www.johnborwick.com/feed.xml
http://www.johndcook.com/blog/feed/ maths
http://www.jonolick.com/2/feed programming
http://www.joshbarczak.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
http://www.kiransprojects.com/blog/feed/ programming
http://www.lonecpluspluscoder.com/category/emacs/feed/
http://www.macs.hw.ac.uk/~rs46/rss.xml
http://www.mahdiyusuf.com/rss programming
http://www.masteringemacs.org/feed
http://www.mikeash.com/pyblog/rss.py?mode=fulltext programming
http://www.openglsuperbible.com/feed/ programming
http://www.p1xelcoder.com/feed/ programming
http://www.pagetable.com/?feed=rss2 programming
http://www.randomprogramming.com/feed/ programming
http://www.realtimerendering.com/blog/feed/ programming graphics
http://www.reedbeta.com/blog/feed/ programming
http://www.reenigne.org/blog/feed/ programming
http://www.remarkablyrestrained.com/feed.xml programming
http://www.rockonflash.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
http://www.rorydriscoll.com/feed/ programming
http://www.sebastiansylvan.com/index.xml programming
http://www.sjbrown.co.uk/feed/ programming graphics
http://www.slashslash.info/feed/ programming
http://www.spacjer.com/emacs/feed.xml
http://www.spuify.co.uk/?feed=rss2 programming
http://www.stefanom.org/tag/emacs/feed
http://www.stevesouders.com/blog/feed/ web
http://www.stevestreeting.com/feed/ programming
http://www.strchr.com/?feed=news programming
http://www.suenkler.info/feed
http://www.swageroo.com/wordpress/feed/ programming
http://www.swedishcoding.com/feed/ programming
http://www.syedrezaali.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming graphics
http://www.technofumbles.com/weblog/feed/ programming compression
http://www.teknidermy.com/fridge/news.0.91.rss misc gui
http://www.thealphablenders.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://www.thebigblob.com/feed/ programming
http://www.thetenthplanet.de/feed programming graphics
http://www.uncontrol.com/feed/ programming
http://www.verona.se/index.xml
http://www.volumesoffun.com/feed/ programming
http://www.wildml.com/feed/ machinelearning
http://www.wilfred.me.uk/emacs_rss.xml
http://www.wilfred.me.uk/rss.xml
http://www.wisdomandwonder.com/feed
http://www.yosefk.com/blog/feed programming
http://www.zdziarski.com/blog/?feed=rss2 misc
http://www.zeldman.com/rss/ web
http://wwwtyro.net/feed.xml programming graphics
http://xania.org/feed programming
http://xeno-by.livejournal.com/data/atom?tag=emacs-en
http://xenodium.com/rss.xml
http://xkcd.com/atom.xml "Comic"
http://xmunkki.org/wiki/feed.php programming
http://yapb-soc.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default progamming c++
http://yieldthedog.github.com/atom.xml misc
http://yoo2080.wordpress.com/category/emacs/feed
http://yosoygames.com.ar/wp/feed/ programming
http://yqlblog.net/blog/feed/
http://zeuxcg.org/feed programming
http://zserge.com/rss.xml programming
http://zulko.github.io/atom.xml programming
http://zverovich.net/atom.xml programming
https://abiondo.me/feed.xml programming
https://aeon.co/feed.rss "Philosophy"
https://alain.xyz/rss programming graphics
https://alexschroeder.ch/wiki/feed/full/Emacs
https://alschwalm.com/blog/static/rss/index.xml programming
https://apoorvaj.io/rss.xml programming graphics
https://arenzana.org/feed/
https://arunsag.wordpress.com/category/emacs/feed/
https://aschrein.github.io/feed.xml programming graphics
https://au9ustine.wordpress.com/tag/emacs/feed/
https://auzaiffe.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
https://awhan.wordpress.com/category/emacs/feed/
https://axelio.wordpress.com/category/emacs/feed/
https://baongoc124.wordpress.com/category/emacs/feed/
https://basesandframes.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
https://bbbscarter.wordpress.com/feed
https://bendersteed.gitlab.io/post/index.xml
https://bheisler.github.io/index.xml programming
https://blog.aaronbieber.com/feed.xml
https://blog.codinghorror.com/rss/ "Code"
https://blog.davep.org/feed.xml
https://blog.excalidraw.com/rss.xml web
https://blog.flameeyes.eu/articles.atom autotools
https://blog.jfo.click//feed.xml programming
https://blog.lnx.cx/category/emacs/feed/
https://blog.mattbierner.com/atom.xml programming c++
https://blog.ml.cmu.edu/feed/ machinelearning
https://blog.nelhage.com/atom.xml programming
https://blog.plan99.net/feed programming
https://blog.rpis.ec/feeds/all.atom.xml programming security
https://blog.rust-lang.org/feed.xml programming rust
https://bluelabyrinths.com/feed/ "Philosophy"
https://branchfree.org/feed/ programming
https://calltopower.wordpress.com/tag/emacs/feed/
https://camdez.com/blog/categories/emacs/atom.xml
https://catern.com/feed.xml
https://ceving.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
https://chaosinmotion.blog/feed/ programming
https://chaoticlab.io/feed.xml
https://chopmode.wordpress.com/category/emacs/feed/
https://ciechanow.ski/atom.xml programming graphics
https://code.visualstudio.com/feed.xml programming
https://computer.rip/rss.xml "Code"
https://crazythinking.wordpress.com/category/emacs/feed/
https://cssfromscratch.com/feed.xml web
https://curiousprogrammer.wordpress.com/tag/emacs/feed/atom/
https://danengelbrecht.github.io/feed.xml programming
https://daniel.haxx.se/blog/feed/ programming
https://danlamanna.com/feeds/atom.xml
https://daverupert.com/atom.xml web
https://ddavis.io/index.xml
https://deadvoxels.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
https://dendibakh.github.io/feed.xml programming
https://devblogs.microsoft.com/oldnewthing/feed programming favourite
https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/feed programming
https://developers.google.com/web/updates/atom.xml web
https://dgutov.github.io/atom.xml
https://distill.pub/rss.xml machinelearning
https://dolphin-emu.org/blog/feeds/ programming
https://doxdrum.wordpress.com/tag/emacs/feed
https://draptik.wordpress.com/tag/emacs/feed/
https://ekaschalk.github.io//index.xml
https://ekaschalk.github.io/categories/emacs/index.xml
https://elephly.net/feed.xml
https://emacs.cafe/feed.xml
https://emacsair.me/feed.xml
https://emacsfodder.github.io/atom.xml
https://engineering.riotgames.com/news/feed programming
https://erambler.co.uk/tags/emacs.xml
https://erkaman.github.io/rss.xml programming
https://every-layout.dev/feed.xml web
https://fasterthanli.me/index.xml "Blog"
https://fasterthanli.me/index.xml programming
https://feeds.feedburner.com/KrisJenkinsBlog
https://feeds.feedburner.com/SanityInc
https://feeds.feedburner.com/tuxicity-emacs
https://feeds2.feedburner.com/mrdias
https://ferransole.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
https://fuco1.github.io/rss.xml
https://fuzzyreflection.com/feed/ programming
https://fx-companion.com/feed/ "News"
https://gamedevdaily.io/feed programming
https://gamozolabs.github.io/feed.xml programming
https://giordi91.github.io/index.xml programming
https://github.com/alanthird/idiocy.org/commits/master.atom
https://github.com/sigma/yann.hodique.info/commits/master.atom
https://github.com/tuhdo/tuhdo.github.io/commits/master.atom
https://github.com/xuchunyang/blog/commits/master.atom
https://gongyiliao.wordpress.com/category/emacs/feed/
https://grahamhazel.com/blog/feed/ programming
https://groups.google.com/forum/feed/pagedout-notifications/msgs/atom.xml?num=15 programming
https://guillaumegenthial.github.io/feed.xml machinelearning
https://habermas-rawls.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss "Philosophy"
https://hacks.mozilla.org/feed/ "FOSS"
https://hbfs.wordpress.com/category/emacs/feed
https://heikkil.github.io/rss.xml
https://hexmode.com/tag/emacs/feed
https://hnrss.org/active "News"
https://hnrss.org/best "News"
https://hnrss.org/bestcomments "News"
https://hookrace.net/blog/feed/
https://hsivonen.fi/feed/atom/ programming rust
https://idea.popcount.org/rss.xml programming
https://ignaciopp.wordpress.com/tag/emacs/feed/
https://iloveemacs.wordpress.com/feed
https://imagineraytracer.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
https://inkdroid.org/feed.xml "Code"
https://jacco.ompf2.com/feed/ programming graphics
https://jackmott.github.io//feed.xml programming
https://jawher.wordpress.com/category/emacs/feed/
https://jeffamstutz.io/feed/ programming
https://jendrikillner.bitbucket.io/index.xml programming graphics
https://jingsi.space/index.xml
https://jonathancamp.com/tag/emacs/feed/
https://joshrollinswrites.com/emacsorg/index.xml
https://jugglingbits.wordpress.com/tag/emacs/feed/
https://kazakov.life/feed/ programming
https://keramida.wordpress.com/category/emacs/feed/
https://keramida.wordpress.com/feed
https://kisaragi-hiu.com/feeds/all.atom.xml
https://knarkowicz.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
https://kosmonautblog.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
https://kozikow.com/feed
https://krebsonsecurity.com/feed/ "Code"
https://kristerw.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
https://kuniganotas.wordpress.com/category/emacs/feed
https://l0st3d.wordpress.com/category/emacs/feed/
https://lars.ingebrigtsen.no/feed
https://lchsk.com/posts.xml
https://legends2k.github.io/index.xml
https://lobste.rs/rss "News"
https://loonytek.com/feed/ programming
https://lukesmith.xyz/rss.xml "Blog"
https://lxjk.github.io/rss/ programming
https://machinetalk.org/feed/ machinelearning
https://manandbytes.wordpress.com/tag/emacs/feed/
https://manuel-uberti.github.io/feed
https://manuel-uberti.github.io/feed
https://martinfowler.com/feed.atom "Code"
https://martinralbrecht.wordpress.com/category/emacs/feed/atom/
https://matt.sh/.rss programming
https://maxliani.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
https://medium.com/feed/@gidishperber machinelearning
https://medium.com/feed/@jamis programming
https://medium.com/feed/@karpathy machinelearning
https://medium.com/feed/@radekosmulski machinelearning
https://medium.com/feed/@samim deep-learning
https://medium.com/feed/tag/emacs
https://medium.com/feed/usevim misc vim
https://metalbyexample.com/feed/ programming graphics
https://mischasan.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
https://molecularmusings.wordpress.com/feed/ programming favourite
https://mollyrocket.com/forums/rss.php?ignored=0 programming
https://mousecradle.wordpress.com/tag/emacs/feed/
https://muellerzr.github.io/fastblog/feed.xml machinelearning
https://mwfogleman.github.io/feed.xml
https://natecraun.net/feed.xml programming
https://ndotl.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
https://netflux.wordpress.com/tag/emacs/feed/
https://network23.org/ainriail/feed/ "News"
https://nical.github.io/feeds/all.atom.xml programming
https://nickdrozd.github.io/feed.xml
https://nlguillemot.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
https://nullprogram.com/feed/
https://ofosos.org/tag/emacs/rss/
https://ogbe.net/blog.xml
https://optimiserly.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
https://panduwana.wordpress.com/category/emacs/feed/
https://pdziepak.github.io/feed.xml programming
https://philippegroarke.com//posts/index.xml programming
https://pkeir.github.io/feed.xml programming
https://planet.emacslife.com/atom.xml
https://planetpython.org/rss20.xml "Code"
https://punchagan.muse-amuse.in/tags/emacs.xml
https://punchcard.wordpress.com/tag/emacs/feed/
https://pycoders.com/feed/bmtfgMEB programming
https://qiita.com/tags/Emacs/feed
https://raphlinus.github.io/feed.xml programming
https://raytracedminecraft.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
https://readrust.net/all/feed.rss "Code"
https://realpython.com/atom.xml "Code"
https://rivten.github.io/atom.xml programming graphics
https://rmarcus.info/blog/atom.xml programming
https://rvfblog.wordpress.com/category/emacs/feed/
https://ryuslash.org/rss.xml
https://sakibsaikia.github.io/feed.xml programming graphics
https://schuttejoe.github.io/index.xml programming graphics
https://scripter.co/categories/emacs/atom.xml
https://seeknuance.com/tag/emacs/feed/
https://sgugger.github.io/feeds/all.atom.xml machinelearning
https://sirsharpest.github.io/rss.xml
https://smcgro.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
https://software.rajivprab.com/feed/ programming
https://spool-five.com/rss.xml "Blog"
https://stardiviner.github.io/Blog/index.xml
https://storax.github.io/rss.xml
https://stoyannk.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
https://streakycobra.github.io/rss.xml
https://suvayu.wordpress.com/tag/emacs/feed/
https://taingram.org/feed
https://techleaves.wordpress.com/tag/emacs/feed/
https://technik90.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
https://thephd.github.io/feed.xml programming
https://therealmjp.github.io/posts/index.xml graphics
https://thestandardoutput.com/tag/emacs.xml
https://timothylottes.github.io/index.rss programming
https://tincman.wordpress.com/tag/emacs/feed/
https://tratt.net/laurie/blog/entries.rss programming
https://travisdowns.github.io/feed.xml programming
https://traxnet.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
https://tsdh.wordpress.com/feed
https://tsdh.wordpress.com/tag/emacs/feed/
https://valignatev.com/index.xml
https://vocalfolds.wordpress.com/category/emacs/feed/
https://vxlabs.com/feed
https://win-vector.com/feed/ machinelearning
https://wolfgangpfaff.wordpress.com/category/emacs/feed/
https://writepermission.com/rss.xml
https://www.3ammagazine.com/3am/feed/ "Philosophy"
https://www.3dgep.com/feed/ programming graphics
https://www.alanzucconi.com/feed/ programming
https://www.blogger.com/feeds/13497321/posts/default/-/emacs
https://www.blogger.com/feeds/3992530807750384868/posts/default/-/new
https://www.blogger.com/feeds/5055426614227209030/posts/default programming
https://www.bytedude.com/feed.xml
https://www.codeblueprint.co.uk/feed.xml programming
https://www.codesections.com/rss.xml
https://www.deeplearning.ai/feed/ machinelearning
https://www.democracynow.org/democracynow.rss "News"
https://www.diegoberrocal.com/atom.xml
https://www.fast.ai/atom.xml machinelearning
https://www.fasterthan.life/blog?format=RSS programming graphics
https://www.fitzsim.org/blog/?feed=rss2&amp;cat=3
https://www.gamedev.net/articles/?rss=1 ~gamedev.net programming
https://www.gamingonlinux.com/article_rss.php "Games"
https://www.guildwars2.com/en/feed/ "Games"
https://www.hardill.me.uk/wordpress/feed/ "Code"
https://www.hasecke.eu/index.xml
https://www.hexbear.net/feeds/all.xml?sort=Active "News"
https://www.imperialviolet.org/iv-rss.xml programming
https://www.jamesrwilliams.net/feed/ "Philosophy"
https://www.justinpinkney.com/rss.xml machinelearning
https://www.kusma.xyz/feed.xml programming
https://www.lacan.com/perfumeblog/?feed=rss2 "Philosophy"
https://www.madboa.com/blog/index.xml
https://www.miskatonic.org/feed/emacs.xml
https://www.pvk.ca/atom.xml programming
https://www.radicalcandor.com/feed/ management
https://www.ronja-tutorials.com/feed.xml programming graphics
https://www.schneier.com/feed/atom/ "Code"
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/feed "Code"
https://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/rss "Comic"
https://www.superluminal.eu/feed/ programming
https://www.teamfortress.com/rss.xml "Games"
https://www.thebioneer.com/feed/ "Fitness"
https://www.tinycranes.com/rss.xml programming
https://www.topbug.net/blog/category/programming-tools/emacs/feed
https://www.urbanomic.com/feed/ "Philosophy"
https://www.w3.org/community/gpu/feed/ web
https://www.wihlidal.com/feed.xml programming graphics
https://www.wisdomandwonder.com/tag/emacs/feed
https://xoofx.com/feed.xml programming
https://yasoob.me/index.xml "Code"
https://yinwang0.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
https://yiufung.net/index.xml
https://yoo2080.wordpress.com/feed
https://yupferris.github.io/blog/feed.xml programming
https://yveszoundi.wordpress.com/tag/emacs/feed
https://zalo.github.io/feed.xml programming
https://zeekat.nl/news/tag/emacs/index.rss
https://zhangda.wordpress.com/feed/
https://zingming.wordpress.com/tag/emacs/feed/
